[Music]
kiko hernandez okay each one interview
an exclusive he has made an exclusive in 10
minutes I would
never work with salva again I don't
see him as a good person they
made me call the
campos program to hang up on him
a presenter had an affair with a
collaborator caught her with another man and magic
she disappeared from television
exclusive kiko hernandez celebrates 25 years
on screen he
uncovers the hidden side of television it's
not worth it that we're all about tapas this
not to be
and when he looks back on his 25 years on television he's about
projects like a small
presentation no
the collaborator admits that he would have
loved to work with pepe navarro and
remembers his time on a tu lado and on
'crónicas marcianas' in addition to his
current job on sálvame in the
afternoon magazine he met carmina ordóñez who
became a close friend of his and
charo vega said that fran rivera's mother
revealed that they had a
night of passion what happened will not be limited
to the nights of madrid he says and reveals what it
was like working with emma garcia although he
speaks well of  She also confesses that they
were angry, she wants to know why it was
great, she taught me everything, there
was only a moment of enmity when
a guy came out to say that he had been involved
with me and I told him that I was not going to
participate in this, I remember, in fact,
well, I believe that Kiko left the set
today the camera is like strange, true,
the truth is, I ended up here and he
answered me that he had to do it but
the set didn't come out and we went a week
without speaking to each other,
recordings came out showing that it
was all a setup and Emma agreed with me,
a large area came out for her to appear
but well, I said no,
the collaborator also speaks loud and
clear about other colleagues Xavier Sardà
with whom he says he would never
work again because he is a person who is
comfortable in conflict
while others fight,
forgive me,
forgive
but now because he is a person who
is comfortable in conflict while
others are fighting, he
fuels the fire, he doesn't stop you, he doesn't see him, come on, come on, come on, he
has balls,
Yoyas, I hit Antonio David, it was a real
savagery, not to mention when he passed
by the dressing room  from coto matamoros who
never closed the door and you could see what was
inside it was
disgusting there was everyone's stuff
my goodness how he's come out here
for everyone not
the royal sticker antonio david
how strong now click on that or something
look right
the seven most serious fight that
television has ever had
look carlos el yoyas
attacks antonio david flores
they came to blows during a commercial break
while they were both working as
television collaborators on the
defunct program crónicas marcianas they
never knew what kind of
outstanding accounts carlos might have
with him in the civil guard but the fact is
that as soon as they sat down he's from big
brother he
began a direct attack on david florez
calling him antonia 'david the gnome' and
accusing him of being a liar in front of her for
his part he limited himself to responding
enigmatically tomorrow I'll see you at el
tomate
the waters seemed to calm down in that year of
2004 but the return of
advertising
carlos was no longer there salty and the
rest of the team could not hide their
regret for what  that had happened a
few minutes ago in the Telecinco dressing rooms, they
also hit
each other listen to me, that's it, there must be some images
there, I remember that, they're still following Texas, you remember that, of
course, man,
you remember everything,
to see that, there has to be something, no, if
we put on the look,
look, look at these on January 20, 2020,
dear, simply the coconut baby, damn, really
good, the video uses
water
in a program when I feel like it, you
understand, I don't think they'll go away inside
a lady of a few years old and your
pages are full, entry princess,
name of only six years old
[Applause] we
should, we should put on some
nights react to videos of the
Greek Martian program, we
should react to programs of
'Martian Chronicles' surely that is not
copyrighted
[Applause]
or this one died, I hated her terribly, but
poor thing, I hated her terribly, but poor thing, she
died super young
Carmen Hornillos because as a profession
[Applause]
at least at least
this one has
more wheel but it is not wanted, it
sounds familiar to me but it is not available, I don't
know  I forgot that she
has
in meat in meat
Carmen Hornillos died or not in 2011 or
in vacuum
Patricia's mother is
in my category of 100
dollars
I think Nuria that you have to bring out
truths from where there are none this was
a fling of his it's not
his but not where they have to give
those could be your mother and has seen all
the programs always take note cyclable do
you remember 20 years ago
and that you are here for that or rather to
continue accusing and continue inventing him
and thank you for making our nights more
pleasant I am writing to you from the hospital as
a relative huge kiss but let it not be
anything serious personal my heart thank you very much
circular that look at
Almodóvar with your film with your
script would make a great film but really
you like this lady a basic in this
danger although with that hair that she
had here in the other previous ones she
is an artist she wore a hairstyle what will
the era be
and both that of the seven powders
already against me the era
defending Maciel Anthony Davis these
artistic women moved
the
different preserve
the woman  I'm going to remember her first, I'm
going to remember her first, and I got married
just like you to a man named
Manolo Santana, and here the people who
applauded you, what will anyone say? If I've ever
sold my card somewhere,
come to my wedding, sold my
husband, or had my privacy
for having won any diet
[Applause] You were
stupid because I could have won
credit, good time, I see the issue of
going to see well,
up to a certain point, not up to a certain point,
but each one of them, I say we
ate that video, in the end there wasn't the
click that we wanted, but it
was a nice click, it makes a good click,
simple and good, the one we saw
very well, I saw it, I like to see the one that
brought here, there's nothing, it's a
publicity stunt, I don't know what,
but today, listen to me,
tremendous,
tremendous, reveals that there are collaborators
willing to do anything to maintain
subsidies, no, not even say it, for example,
Antonio David when he made insinuations
about Ortega Cano's sexual orientation,
says Kiko also explains the worst
treacherous stab in the back that he has  received a
collaborator paid a guy to
pretend to be my lover on TV
and adds what is the strongest anecdote
of her career in television my goodness my
goodness
[Music]